all takes it to the left Kevin Brown nut
well and it's a chance now for the two
sailors well a click ahead ball bounces
away from everybody and it's another
kick ahead has it got too far it's gonna
be a time it starts it isn't trying well
that's a great fall in the face it's no
money to affect the tackle look Bella
long ball oh that's good quick hands and
now Stefan Mars testing the defense he
goes out the outside he's got many
support on the inside that's ok Polly
silent Danny tickle it's going to score
for the Vikings lovely work by Stefan
win this attacking again on the short
side and Kevlar cooks well that's a
great start ball and tickle goes in for
the second super pass as another into
the earth that's a great step and it's
going to be a sign that's a superb
individual side
final tackle
it's that frown Hambly takes it forward
flicks it out to Christine who steps
away and Christine's going to score well
good show the Crusaders first chance to
attack in this half that's not a bad
effort by Tommy Johnson he's taken our
defense let's go be of trying the Karl
Fink boys hexxit game effort does he
keep the ball up no mr. Starks are
saying he gets it final tackle great
ball off and um all of these flip pass
out with us moving the ball to left our
that's great dummy and it's going to be
a fly jo koy ins gonna be a sensational
effort from dave allen must be a chance
on the outside and butterworth will walk
in leyte gulf and christine good
thinking
you